oh no no problem thank you so much for
having me on the show I just feel I
don't know I'm really excited to come on
I'm really nervous but I'm excited for
what I could take away from it so what
could you take away from it
um I guess but I really wanted to come
on for is sorry I'm like such a crier I
really am and some of this stuff is kind
of hard for me to talk about um but I
feel like I would say 2012 to 2016 17
were really horrible points in my life
there was just like kind of like the
series of events that happened and it
was really long last time yeah um it was
I don't know it was really difficult and
I feel like I came to a point where I
feel like the dust has kind of settled I
guess and I'm ready to kind of process
which is good scary for me but I don't
know okay
I know this sounds I I know I ask people
to sometimes like can I think for a
second but can I just can I pull that
card out now can i play that card
because you just actually just shared a
lot and I need a moment to think about
because I'm hearing a lot of different
stuff from you so let me think out loud
so the first thing is that I'm hearing
you facing something by coming on here
today yeah I'm hearing that it's hard
for you in some ways I'm hearing that
also like I just have to just take a
step back and think about you said 2012
the two thousand sixteen or seventeen
was a hard period that's years yeah yeah
I um I guess I could go into detail okay
you know I'm ready to go into detail
okay go for it oh god I mean it was like
a lot of years it's a long story um but
I feel like it all kind of started out
and this is like particularly sorry I'm
such a crier so why do you apologize for
being a crier let's talk about that um I
don't know I feel like I'm kind of um
I'm like I can't believe I'm already
getting emotional I was gonna try to
hold it together uh can we talk about
that for a moment yeah okay I understand
that you want to tell the story but
let's stop and just look at so you're
having an emotional reaction and I'd
like to understand what about holding it
together is important why can't you come
on and be a shitshow from second twenty
nine I guess I'm just like afraid that
it'll like kind of spiral like I feel
like a lot of it has been kind of stuff
that I've been suppressing for a long
time because I'm afraid of like that
outcome I guess what's the outcome that
you're afraid of um I don't know I feel
like kind of like processing it is just
going to put me out for a while you know
like mentally yeah that's gonna happen
and I guess the idea of like you know
like being put out and maybe not being
able
to do my job you know my job since I'm a
streamer as well as I could
it's scary to me sure so I so in it gets
kaceytron yeah okay so kaceytron I think
that all of those are really valid
concerns and I do think that you know at
the end of an emotional conversation or
dealing with your emotions you're gonna
be exhausted and it may impact your
ability to stream and that's normal and
in my overwhelming experience generally
speaking like a week or two from now
your people tend to be in a better place
although sometimes they aren't and if
they aren't you know if if this if your
conversation today has ripple effects
that you're having difficulty dealing
with please let us know and we'll try to
either support you ourselves or like
connect you with the appropriate support
so that you can kind of get through that
because I don't want to like you know I
don't want to like you know if you open
a can of worms then you have to deal
with that [ __ ] I don't want to leave you
hanging does that make sense yeah no but
I you know I think I think it could
spiral that I'm here yes so so we'll try
to help you with that spiral also so
twitch chat right they can actually
surprise you from time to time if you
lean on them oh and you know they really
do and I guess like that's one of the
other things that I wanted to say is
like you know like you said it was like
such a kind of long period of time and
really during this time like the only
positive thing I had was twitch she know
that was kind of my escape I guess so I
I don't know I always just like think of
twitch very fondly oh yeah me too so you
aren't you and dive in yeah um so I feel
like it all kind of starts out and it
doesn't really start out in 2012 but um
so I don't know I guess to summarize um
I was with my boyfriend for a long time
I was really close with his family like
I had even moved in with them and
his younger brother was diagnosed with a
really bad form of childhood cancer and
he passed away in 2012 it was this is
probably like one of the harder things
for me to talk about but it was really
hard sometimes the visuals from it is I
don't really bothersome to me mm-hmm
sounds like they really burned an image
in your mind yeah um it was just you
know like I've had I've had family
members passed away from cancer you know
we all have that just something about it
being a child was just especially like a
child that I was really close to I was
one of his main caregivers you know we
were very involved he was very sick you
know they needed as much help as
possible I was actually I was actually
holding his hand whenever he passed away
and just like the way that he the way
the cancer had just eaten him alive
uh it was really really hard yeah
so that's I feel like kind of where the
turmoil starts and during this time my
mom had relapsed on meth and it was like
after this had happened I never really
was able to process it because my mom
along with my stepdad who was extremely
extremely abusive to her had both
relapsed on meth and this went on for it
was like a very abusive relationship for
three or four years like I thought he
was gonna kill my mom
and he didn't um but yeah I guess that's
like kind of really summarizing it [ __ ]
that's a lot any one of those is hmm so
kaceytron how do you what do you think
about all that stuff I mean that's a lot
um it's really weird looking back on it
now because I remembered then feeling
like so um I don't know like so grown up
like such an adult and whenever I like
think back at it now you know whenever
I'm almost 30 like I think like I was in
my early 20s
you know whenever they said sure started
happening and
I don't know like I guess whenever I
look back at it now I just think like
how was I able to deal with it
um like I feel like I couldn't do it
again
ya know I think that that makes sense
how do you how do you feel like you were
able to deal with it um I feel like I
just wasn't really able to feel for I
don't know like several years I guess
yeah um like I feel like that was like
really the only way I could go on I
don't know like I guess I really
summarize the the abuse that my mom
dealt with but it was just God it was
just so relentless
like I don't know like I hate calling
him my stepdad I don't want to call him
by name obviously like I don't want to
say his name or anything - um is there
any is there any danger to you or your
mom or anyone else if you talk about
this more in a public setting no we
would need to think about that make sure
that no there isn't
he's been out of our lives for
completely I would say about three years
now but I guess another thing that's
kind of hard about it is he was in my
life like ever since I was five years
old you know and he had never really
been that abusive to my mom he had hit
her you know like I think me and I feel
like I'm not either
yeah I want you to listen to this
sentence he had never really been that
abusive to my mom right you know which
like that's that's something that I've
came to realize more and more since I've
been kind of processing it as you know
abuse is abuse no matter what and it's
just like I remember then it just didn't
really click
you know just even to like I guess like
other family members um you know it was
like everybody was upset about it like
the times that it had happened and it
was awful but it just you know it got
brushed off I think is like a lot of
those situations do right and then um
with the relapse it was just like it got
so bad like there was probably like I
said like a four year period where I did
not see my mom without some sort of like
bruise or concussion or stitches or
something like something like for four
years and because she was using at the
time it was really hard to get her to
leave which I don't really you know
hold any resentment why not
um I guess I hold more resentment
towards him you know because at any
point he could have left why didn't he
like why didn't he at any point you know
just leave and stop terrorizing my
family because that's what it felt like
just like three four or five years of
just like utter terror there was
it was just like it went on so much like
I can't even like begin to describe it
was like a daily thing like my mom would
call me and a lot of the time I would be
streaming and she would just hang up and
I'd be like oh [ __ ] and just turn off my
stream and drive over there it would
just be like this all the time
after my grandma passed away it got even
worse I remember literally the day of my
grandma's funeral he broke into the
house and he attacked my mom in the
shower and just beat the [ __ ] out of her
she had like a huge knife on the side of
her head at the funeral and it was like
everybody knew
um I don't know there was a time I have
a younger brother who was he wasn't
physically abused by him he was only
physically abusive to my mom because it
was the person that he could get away
with it
right um but he would be very mentally
abusive to my younger brother my younger
brother has autism and it's actually his
biological son he would say things like
he was [ __ ] he wish he wouldn't have
been born and that he wasn't his
my brother still struggles with that a
lot
I don't know like I guess just in a lot
of ways it's just like it's like my
family still struggles with it every day
my mom lives with me to you and my
struggle
what is this struggle that you guys deal
with my mom has pretty severe paranoia
and it's
in a lot of ways I think it's just
because she was used to being beaten
every day for so long it's just like
she's constantly in this like kind of
fighter flight and I feel like in a lot
of ways I kind of am too we'd get to you
great and maybe notice but you're
talking about everyone else see that I
guess yeah and I guess throughout all of
this it was like I was I was the person
you know like I was the person who had
to be there for my family like I'm the
oldest um I had to take on a lot what
did you tell you now um you know my
mother and my younger brother started
living with me it was kind of back and
forth with my mom like I said she was
you know under the influence and
it was difficult because you know she
wouldn't stay clean so like during all
of this going on it was really hard not
to be angry with her because of her
constant use and I guess the other thing
that made are really difficult is
whenever my grandma passed away she got
you know like a pretty decent
inheritance so she got she got like
$100,000 so it was just like she had
limitless income so it was very
exhausting yeah it was very exhausting
what was it dealing with it was just
like he couldn't keep up it was like
here my mom was with this really
extremely abusive person and um she had
just like inherited all this money she
was a user and it was just like great
here's like you know a two three-year
amount of time where it's like she's
never going to run out of money just to
continuously abuse right I don't know I
just got couldn't stop it yeah it was
you know completely out of my control
all I could really do is just like stand
by and watch you know because during
this time I was
successful and doing well on twitch like
I earned enough to be able to take care
of my younger brother and you know my
mom was able to stay at my house
sometimes but it would get really
frustrating because
you know she would like show him where I
lived like there would always be like
this point where she you know she'd like
try to sneak him around and she would
keep seeing him which like they don't
blame her for I don't really hold any
resentment
towards her for it um not even is it um
maybe a tiny bed I guess I try not to ah
that I can get behind
try not to I can make sense to me but it
boggles my mind that
I mean it sounds like you were carrying
the world on your back and it sounds
like I mean I can just I'm just putting
myself in my shoes I would feel probably
incredibly frustrated that she didn't
help more and I can imagine I'm gonna
keep talking for a second okay and I can
imagine that I would want to try to
forgive her and I would forgive her and
I could still harbor resentment and I
would try to keep that resentment at bay
and I would try to decide that I'm gonna
be a good person and it's not her fault
and at the same time I would still in
the deepest darkest parts of my soul I
would have anger and resentment
yeah yeah I guess I would say that
that's pretty true like there's a part
of me that like really resents you know
that you know I guess during might come
up on Twitch because during this time
that all of this was happening I was you
know like kind of having my breakout
moment I guess and I couldn't really
focus on it there were times where I
remember like I would have I know you
were robbed of joy yeah yeah that's
yeah
like now that I think about a kaceytron
what I'm hearing more and more from you
is that you got robbed of so many things
yeah it's really like you said it's
really hard for me to talk about it like
in reference to myself um I think a lot
of it just has to do with me maybe being
the oldest and then like I said just
feeling like I have had to be kind of
the protector for my family mm-hmm so I
don't know what's it like to be the
protector um
exhausting
and I think for a second case trial how
you hold it up I'm starting to kind of
calm down a little I guess I'm just like
really kind of um I know I guess like a
part of me is kind of embarrassed
because I just sound so white trash you
know
and I guess like I'm kind of worried you
know what people think sure whose fault
is it that you sound the way that you do
um in what way like whose fault is it
that I sound yeah you say you sound like
you're white trash and I'm saying like
who's responsible for those
circumstances or the story that your
talent I don't know I guess my parents
yeah I think it's important to remember
that right cuz like I know in time
anyway I'll get to that in a second but
yeah yeah I think it's important to
remember that I'm not going to try it
all argue with you that you sound like
white trash but what I would encourage
you to remember is there is an infinite
amount of distance between sounding like
white trash and be white trash because
I'm not hearing any iota of you being
white trash
in fact I'm hearing quite the opposite
I'm hearing a story of courage and
dependability of resilience and pain and
ODS sacked heavily heavily against you
thank you and ultimately I'm hearing the
story of triumph with a terrible
terrible cost
what do you think about that you think
that you don't I don't know I guess I
don't give myself enough credit I can be
very critical of myself yep we're not
really seeing a whole lot of it yet but
I imagine it's down there oh god sorry
yeah like I said I'm like such a crier
and this is just like not easy I can
imagine to talk about do you want to
talk about this I do okay um I do want
to talk about it um I don't know like I
feel like one of the things that I feel
like one of the things that really helps
me is just like not that I would want
anybody to have the same sort of issues
but you know finding you know that
people can relate to it and I feel like
somebody can kind of you know relate to
my story in some way and not feel so
alone you know them that's what it's all
about right like do you feel alone
sometimes yeah I guess hmm I guess I'm
just like always felt not normal and I
don't know I wouldn't say like I don't
feel like I've had some super
unfortunate life or anything like that
why not by the way I have like this
really I think certain kaceytron I have
like this really I have this thing that
I do and I think a lot of it has to do
with um Ricky and I was who passed away
he was only 7 I think a lot of it kind
of has to do with that like I feel like
in a lot of ways that warped my reality
a lot and in a lot of ways like I just
feel like this need to feel grateful no
matter what and I feel like sometimes I
kind of use it as a cop-out and I'm kind
of you know coming to that realization
like fairly recently like I like you
said I think it's good to feel grateful
but I feel like a lot of the time I use
it as like a way of not allowing myself
to feel yeah why do you feel like you
have to be okay can I jump in can i yeah
I've been trying my best to listen yeah
but I have I have a lot of thoughts okay
so is it okay if I ask a couple of
questions yeah okay um you gotta let me
know if me asking questions makes things
easier for you or harder for you so I'm
gonna check in with back in like five to
ten minutes okay
okay so when you say you've with Ricki
when he passed away you somehow came
away with the conclusion that you have
to be grateful no matter what what's up
with that
um I guess
I guess I just feel grateful for my
health
and my family's health every day
I guess I have like a lot of like
selfish feelings sometimes but reference
to that like guilt
one of the which is kind of funny but
one of the things that I have issues
with a lot is just because he was very
into video games one of the things that
I have issues with a lot is um playing
video games sometimes which is weird
since I'm a twitch streamer right I
usually like do you have um like anytime
a game comes out that I know he would
have liked
um it's just like difficult I don't want
to play it
um sure what makes that play cuz it just
feels like he is like missing out on
something that he shouldn't have
um and and I know I've asked you a
couple of times if you're if I should
call you kaceytron I have trouble it's
just it's having I'm having trouble
getting met to role or you can call me
Casey that's fine thank you very much so
Casey I'm gonna just ask you a question
so I'm gonna ask you are you in a place
where you think you can reflect on a
statement that I make yeah okay so I'm
gonna give you a scenario let's say that
we have a 23 year old girl who has
essentially a brother who is dying of
cancer and dies of cancer at the age of
7 and then she says that based on this
experience I feel grateful and selfish
does that add up to you know what do you
imagine that person should feel like
what would you predict that person to
feel if they lose a seven-year-old
basically what sounds like brother dude
and watch them wither away to cancer sad
yep what else
I don't know I guess maybe a little bit
I don't know how they like [ __ ] up
from it
and you know what the [ __ ] up looks
like
looks like you saying that you're
grateful and selfish that's the [ __ ]
up people dying of cancer does not make
other people grateful and and what I see
within you is a war between the ocean of
negativity and the bastion of positivity
yeah right I and and I think what we're
dealing with here is like and sorry I'm
gonna jump around okay so yes and if it
I don't make sense please let me know so
what I'm hearing from you overall is
like loans and debts like you're like
how was I able to do this and you're
spiraling out of control now like
basically I think you took an emotional
loan and now you're paying back that
debt cuz that's what we do this for a
long time years it sounds like you had
to be strong but that strength doesn't
come from nowhere that's like you're
you're taking out a loan against future
earnings there's a there's an emotional
price to be paid
yeah and now the devil wants us to and
oddly enough that's a good thing because
that's what healing looks like because
there's a lot of hurt that you have
built up and kept in their weird ways
that your mind has struggled to survive
I don't blame you for that but like look
I mean come on yeah you watched a
seven-year-old die of canceled cancer
and that you're saying I'm great
like what look I get where that comes
from I think it's amazing that you could
do that I think it's the only way you
can survive that right because if you
let the damn loose and the negativity
comes you could not afford to spiral
them like how the [ __ ] are you supposed
to spiral when you have a brother with
autism
you know this kid dying of cancer in
your house and your mom is using math
like there's no that like you can't
afford to pay that emotional price then
and so you're paying it now yeah
let's come to that realization in a lot
of ways how so did you help us
understand that a little bit um I don't
know like lately I've been like I said
like I feel like I used like this I like
I'll constantly always like refer to
like you know there's people who have it
worse and you know if anything I should
just feel grateful that I'm here and I'm
in good health and you know everything's
okay um I feel like sometimes I just
don't want to ask for much more than
that I guess in a way yeah
what do they how do make yeah how does
it feel to ask for more like I'm being
selfish I don't know
I don't know I guess like I just feel
like things like there's just like a
point in my life where I just felt like
things were so bad like where I'm at now
where things are you know like not that
bad a lot better like I just feel like I
don't want to ask for much more than
that
you know so I think there's something
subtle and potentially dangerous here
first is that I think it's important to
have gratitude and I think I hear from
you genuine gratitude yeah right so it's
important to acknowledge where you come
from like I have a lot of gratitude
around where my parents came from and
what I have um I have it really really
good and my parents did it yeah and so I
think it's important to express
gratitude and acknowledge that and it
sounds like you really do have a lot of
things to be grateful for how you doing
by the way I'm doing okay I'm starting
to you know it's like like I said I'm
just like very anxious you know it's
embarrassing
when I think about
I don't know like I guess I'm just like
I know it's so like I know I shouldn't
be but it's hard not to worry what
people will think of me or how they'll
think of me differently
why shouldn't you worry what people
think about you of course you should
worry yeah okay see you make one mistake
which is that you just invalidate the
way that you feel that's a yeah right so
like of course you're gonna be like who
the [ __ ] when you come onto the Internet
and you talk about how you grew up in
your works I don't I'm sort of saying
this yeah to make a point in a white
trash household
how do people think about people who
grow up in white trash households but I
think the really cool thing about your
story
is that it is overwhelmingly clear to me
that you are not white trash
even though Khalid I'll acknowledge 100%
that it may look white trash yeah and
it's okay for you to be afraid of being
judged yeah and and this is this is the
the basic issue that I see is that like
you don't let yourself feel bad things
you're not allowed to be afraid of being
judged for white trash I shouldn't feel
that way yeah I shouldn't feel sad I
shouldn't feel angry yeah like breaking
out on Twitch is supposed to be [ __ ]
awesome yeah
and Casey I don't know how to say this
but like you got robbed yeah like I I
don't know like
I was talking about resentment earlier
and how I don't hold any resentment and
I I do you know I do to a certain degree
I try not to I think there was a time
where I felt a lot more resentment like
I feel like I've gotten a little bit
better about it in the past year or two
um but there was definitely a time where
I was really frustrated with my mom
because it did feel like I was
robbed hey Casey
you got to let me know if I'm gonna be
an [ __ ] okay yeah because I'm gonna
say something to you I think it could be
hurtful to you but at the same time I
feel like it's important to say not so
much for you but for everyone else out
there is that okay yeah okay
so do you blame your mom
um
it's hard to I don't know actually agree
it's hard hard to okay especially just
seeing how she is now it's hard to okay
um I don't know
okay so let me ask you another question
okay we're gonna think a little bit like
analytically and hopefully that'll help
from an emotional perspective yeah so
can I forgive someone who didn't do
anything wrong to me
I guess you can forgive anyone for any
reason but if they didn't do anything
wrong like can I forgive someone for
throwing me an awesome birthday party No
why not because they didn't do anything
wrong
yeah right so it's kind of interesting
because I see this a lot where like the
people that we love we try not to blame
them which is wonderful and at the same
time there's a very subtle problem here
which is like it gets you stuck yeah
right you can love her you can
appreciate what she did for you you can
acknowledge that there's a disease here
and it was like a roll of the dice and
it may not be fair to blame her but I
think you should absolutely blame her
anyway there what I what I what I would
really love I think the direction you
need to go is to not be one-sided to
acknowledge that like at the end of the
day like it sounds like you were the mom
and she was the kid that's not fair to
you and I think that as much as
addiction is a disease and like in my
day job I'm an addiction psychiatrist so
I get this but I think not holding
people who have addiction problems
accountable for their actions doesn't
actually help yeah and and the concern
that I have for you is that like I don't
think you can forgive her if you don't
admit that she did something wrong now
that's kind of interesting because maybe
she didn't do something wrong or maybe
you've already forgiven or maybe you
don't need to forgive her but generally
speaking when I hear a story like this I
think about something called Dharma
which means duty or responsibility and I
think that like the wave for this my
value system you don't have to agree
with this it's just something that I'd
like you to think about is that like
when you have a relationship where some
like you can love someone but actually
the way to move forward is to like look
at it like it is and say hey this really
sucks for me it really wasn't fair and I
forgive you for it because that's what
healing looks like it's not saying
nothing bad happened to you because
that's how you end up with gratitude for
watching a seven-year-old die of cancer
like sure there's gratitude there
there's an appreciation for life I get
all those things
I've watched seven-year-olds die of
cancer - and it's not pretty
yeah and at the same time it's given me
an appreciation for life and I'm
absolutely grateful for those
experiences because it helps you
understand the depth of suffering that's
possible in this world and it [ __ ]
sucks to go through and it's not fair
right and I felt guilty for having
health and that's not fair either it's
not my fault that I'm you know it's like
it's weird like I'm not cell I mean I
felt selfish - yeah and at the same time
how do you have my dogs it's okay
what is it like listening to me talk um
[Music]
sorry dogs
um I don't know I guess in a lot of ways
I always say that it's like I sorry my
dogs I have two beagles and they just
barked non-stop um do they need some
attention do they are they sensing a
disturbance in the force
getting them I think but I guess talking
to you is really helpful because I feel
like I've never really had like a parent
full guidance I guess like that's one of
the things that I really struggle with
is I feel like a lot of people are able
to talk to you know like my mom or their
dad about things and you know both of my
parents are like the last people I would
ever want to talk to sure yeah I mean I
I think that that makes a lot of sense
to me
and I think there are a couple of other
things to think about here which is that
oh man okay
so I'm glad so I'm happy to hear that
I'm happy to sort of fill somewhat of a
parental figure in your life I think I
do wanna let me just think about where
to take the con any thoughts that you
have or any questions or anything that
you want to kind of dig more into or
because I have a lot but
I don't know there are like just a lot
of different I feel like there's a lot
of different elements so I guess my
story that I feel like I need to dig
into okay um I guess one of the things
that I really still struggle with a lot
is just
trying to wrap my mind around all of the
really awful abuse and just how there
was like really no justice and like I
said like I feel like my family still
suffers with it actually did and it's
like he just got away with it and you
know it's like I doubt he thinks about
you know how it's affected my family
there's like a lot of anger there I
guess
imagine huh what is what happens in your
head when you think about him getting
away with it like he's left destruction
and ruin in his wake
and he gets to move on and you all are
left in a city of shambles it just feels
really unfair and unjust and
I gosh I don't want to get banned for
saying this but there were you know like
throughout the years where this went on
there were definitely times where I
would like talk to my sister and just be
like man I wish I could kill him not
that I ever would but you know of course
it's hard not to have those thoughts
whenever you just have somebody just
like relentlessly terrorizing your
family like
sure I think it's good that you didn't
give in to those thoughts right um
and I mean I never would but it was
something that sure I had you know there
was
you
it just was like everyday like I like I
like I said it was just like it went on
just like so much and it was just like
so regular like he would you know steal
money from my mom he stole my mom's car
he here's the time where he like made my
brother get in the trunk of a car and he
stabbed my mom think I was gonna kill
them he like drove for four hours and
made my brother get in the trunk of a
car and he stabbed my mom like three
times
um I don't know I just think about it
and I'm just like how did he get away
with it like how did nothing happened to
him and I know that it's it's because my
mom was too afraid to press charges or
anything but it was just there were
times where I would have to go over
there and he would usually like leave
around the time where like I showed up
he'd just like take off because he was
afraid I was gonna call the cops or
something I don't know
and my mom would just like beg me she'd
be like lady just stay here will you
just stay like if he sees you're here he
won't come he'll leave me alone and I
would just have to just stay over at my
mom's
just because I guess I'm just like some
sort of protection
what's it like to have that kind of
responsibility
whenever I look back at it now it seemed
whenever you look back at it now it
seems really scary but I remember them
not really being afraid I guess
Oh sounds unfair to me
how's that a lot on your shoulders
you
yeah
that's hard exhausting
superhuman even yeah
do you think of yourself as superhuman
I guess on a good day I go back what I
hear that I have moments where I feel I
guess like very strong and resilient but
then moments were not so much and what
do you feel in those moments like um
like I'm capable of dealing with
whatever's thrown my way I guess
like I can overcome anything
what do you feel in the moments where
you don't feel like that um really um I
guess because I have kind of had to be a
bit of a provider I'm in moments where I
don't feel like that like I just feel
like
like a complete failure like
you know like you said like I feel like
I do carry a lot in my shoulders and I
have
you know my mom and my younger brother
lived with me
like I feel stressed that I won't be
able to provide for them I guess
hmm like that's
Gary to me
yeah do you feel like you've let people
down um no
they don't really feel like that at all
I'm happy to hear that too
you know go ahead sorry I was just gonna
say like I think I do well I guess I'm
coping with things in some way but then
I just do kind of a really bad job in
other ways it's like I'm somewhat there
but I don't know like one of the things
that I always say and I didn't realize
like how wrong it was to say until I
would say like the past like five or six
months is
I always say that my mom raised me to
the best of her ability like she did the
best that she was capable of doing
and you know like I'm
grateful for that I guess and I haven't
realized until recently that that's just
like another kind of like cop-out excuse
that I kind of use
what are you excusing how are you
copying out like I don't want to say
that my mom was a bad mother but she I
see like I always say like she was the
best mother that she was capable of
being and she tried
in the ways that she could but you know
like I feel like if I'm I guess if I
were looking at it from an outside
perspective I would be like yeah that's
a pretty bad mom he said what does the
cop-out help is the cop-out that you're
not holding her responsible for yeah
yeah I would agree with that so I
actually had this precise scenario with
one of my first therapy patients where I
noticed that he said that his dad did
the best that he could yeah and then one
day I realized he never said that his
dad did a good job yeah so that he did
the best that it could yeah and I think
that there's some there's some middle
ground between understanding that she
did the best that she could and also
understanding that she didn't do a great
job and understanding that you can
forgive her because you love her and
also that like you deserved better yeah
right and I think this is the tricky
thing about the mind is that we try to
do things like it's like it's really
hard for us to not be either/or it's
like a or b it's like true/false no it's
not it's like it's free answer it's like
an essay question yeah right and and
what I'm really hearing from you and I
think what's important for you is to
really acknowledge like I mean you can
be grateful and you can be strong and
you can be all of these things but
they're also like the there's like the
underbelly to all this [ __ ] which is
Kaycee this is awful
this tire story is just it's it's bad
man and yeah and like I I'm not trying
to blame anyone I'm not blaming you I'm
just saying like objectively when I hear
this it's like you know any one of those
things is enough to really just destroy
someone watching a seven-year-old die of
cancer
that's enough having a mom who uses meth
that's
having an abusive stepdad that's enough
having a brother with autism that can be
really hard yeah right because like you
want so much for him in it and it can be
hard sometimes when people have autism
like caregivers really suffer because
you recognize that it can be hard for
him to be happy and that's really hard
to watch
yeah gosh I love you know like I love my
brother so much and I always tell him
that he's one of the strongest people I
know and it is really difficult to see
um you know how he has dealt with the
abuse as well because I don't know like
it's like my whole family has like like
my brother definitely has PTSD my mom
has PTSD I have PTSD like you guys ever
gotten treatment for it
no yeah that needs to happen at some
point yeah it's you know it's hard
because sure um you know like I do come
from like a low-income family and the
only time where my mom has been able to
get like any mental health care I guess
is whenever she hasn't been like earning
enough and it's like you know oh if you
make $12 an hour that's too much yeah
which is just a joke but you live in
that arrest yeah after we're done with
this caulk and um you know after we're
done with the stream like let me know
what state you're in and then I'd love
to have a conversation with you about
maybe had a game plan in terms of how to
get mental health treatment because I
think there's no doubt in my mind that
that would be very helpful for all of
you it's I don't know like I'm not
trying to say like it wouldn't it's just
really really difficult with my mom um
my mom is very I don't really know like
my mom
like I said she has really extreme
paranoia and she like literally thinks
that like everybody is an undercover cop
or spy she thinks that our house is
bugged
she thinks that like her phone is bugged
like if she were to go to a counselor so
there it was just like it's really hard
just I don't know she's one of those um
I think a lot of it has to do with like
all of the abuse and she'll still even
though it's been it's been like three
years she's still like acts like he's
out to get her like uh it's I don't know
it just like kind of puts another
obstacle with you know what about you
like as far as me getting late
I guess I've just always kind of like
had a hard time like
you
I don't know like I guess I it's hard
for me to talk to therapists because I
feel like there's just like with twitch
I feel like there's just this whole
element of my life that's like really
hard for them to kind of understand
yeah so okay let's talk about that for a
minute okay so the first thing is that
like you know what we're talking about
doesn't have much to do with twitch
right yeah and then the second thing is
is that that and but I get what you're
saying I don't want to invalidate what
you said because I think it's an
important statement I've heard this
story time and time and time again that
you know a lot of our community goes and
seeks mental health treatment and sure
like the you know a therapist can
understand you know growing up in an
abusive household but they can't
understand you and they absolutely need
to understand you they can't treat like
the PTSD in isolation because a good
therapist has to understand who you are
as a person and gaming culture streaming
culture twitch or a part of that so I
get what you're saying I don't think
that you can go there and just talk
about this and that's gonna actually be
effective as bizarre as that sounds what
I would encourage all of y'all to do
though is explain it to them yeah so as
a therapist there are all kinds of
things that I don't understand and at
the top of the list is I have some
clients who are women yeah I don't
understand what that's like I can't
understand that's like and if you work
with a therapist it's actually your
responsibility to try to get them to
understand and if they're a half-decent
therapist they'll do their best and one
of the most interesting things that you
can learn about this stuff is when you
start to explain streaming culture and
twitch and your life to them
you are gonna understand more about it
than you ever realized it can actually
be one of the most therapeutic things to
like explain to someone like what's
stressful about your job right teaching
is where you actually like really
solidify your understanding so I would
just strongly encourage you like I said
we can have a you know second
conversation about logistics and stuff
because I really do think Casey that you
you need like tried and true mental
health treatment and I know that a lot
of people think that this is mental
health treatment but it really isn't
it's night and day yeah um I don't know
like I said it earlier like I feel like
I'm
like at a point where I'm ready and I
feel like this is kind of just like you
like opening myself up to the idea you
know like I feel like this is kind of
like a take-off point I mean I do I
guess I do have some other things like I
I haven't mentioned this yet but my
marijuana use
um I guess a lot like um I'm a marijuana
user I and I actually do have a medical
license for it so I don't know like I
guess I do self-medicate um and I don't
think that marijuana is like a terrible
thing like honestly like I feel like in
a lot of ways that help it has helped me
a lot
um but I do acknowledge that I guess my
usage has gotten pretty bad like I
smoked too much um sure and I feel like
a lot of it has to do with anxiety like
I feel like when I struggle with the
most like from all of this is just
anxiety like I um feel Restless a lot
it's hard for me to sit down it's hard
for me to say you know like I just
constantly like have these wandering
thoughts
um I guess sometimes
I just get really really anxious about
something bad happening I guess like I
just get so anxious that something bad
is going to happen again you know to
just like bring me back to that or like
it could get like that again is what I
guess is one of my main fears
yeah so let me say something about that
so in my experience anxiety is a
chameleon yeah
actually sorry anxiety isn't a trauma is
a chameleon and it can look like all
kinds of other things it can look like
anxiety it can look like depression it
can look like substance use
but when you say I'm worried that
something bad is gonna happen again
that speaks to me more about trauma than
anxiety but I think generally speaking I
detest the term anxiety because people
use it as an umbrella term yeah it's
like you're afraid that something bad is
gonna happen again not because you have
an anxiety problem but because you live
in a world where real bad [ __ ] can
happen and so that's your brain telling
you hey this can happen so let's worry
about it because if we worry about it
then we can do something about it that
won't catch us off-guard
it's your brain trying to help you out
but that's I mean it sounds to me really
more like trauma and anxiety and there
may be anxiety in there I guess I've
never looked at it that way I guess you
know like like you said I don't know I
guess I really didn't know how to think
of what I was feeling and I guess what
made the most sense to me was anxieties
like I've never thought of it like I'm
you know like it's just trauma and I'm
scared of like reliving that I guess um
but I feel like sometimes like I'll just
be like you said like I'm constantly
kind of I don't know I guess preparing
myself for something like that like I
feel like a lot of times it can be kind
of hyper vigilant like there are just
certain things like I feel like I kind
of like the most recent thing um with
corona I was one of those people who
went out and stopped by because I was
just so afraid I was like I don't want
anything bad to happen to my family and
then I think you know just with the loss
to cancer and that just being so rare
you know it's so extremely rare that a
child dies of cancer like that it just
made it all the more real that my family
could be one of those people
oh yeah like I just feel like there's
certain like I I think that there's I
guess there's being like worried but I
feel like a lot of the time I see myself
like going the next step sure and and
that's because most people worry but the
next step is a hypothetical for them for
you unfortunately it's a reality yeah
and that's what trauma looks like so
hyper-vigilance is one of the main
diagnostic criteria for PTSD right it's
like the the plastic story that people
hear is like a war veteran who like you
know hears like a car muffler go offer
or something like that or a door slam
shot and they're like always on the
lookout and that's not they're not
mentally ill that's their brain training
them hey if this sound happens we need
to react first and think later
that's what trauma does to us right like
if I get bit by a snake
I'm gonna be paranoid about ropes that
look like snakes in dark rooms
and and what you're kind of describing I
mean like I think trauma is really like
it's the real trickster of mental health
because it can look like all kinds of
things it can look like paranoia it can
look like substance use it can look like
anxiety it can look like depression and
and this is where you know sometimes the
analogy that I use with people is like
me you can plant a seed and the seed
turns into a plant and then if I ask you
KC show me where the seed is in the
plant can you find it in the roots is
the seed in the roots I dig up the plant
I look at all the roots is there a seed
there um
I guess in the blossom it grew I don't
know the short answer is it isn't right
it used to look
it started in one way and then it turned
into something else although you can
also say that just because I can't find
the seed the plant is absolutely there
and without the seed it would have never
existed even though it looks completely
different so in your case something
happened to you where a seed was planted
and over a decade it has turned out to
look like something else yeah
but at the end of the day if you want to
go back and really free yourself of this
I think you got to go back to where it
started and there are a couple of things
here which we haven't even scratched the
surface of which I don't even know if
you've ever thought about yeah but I I
wonder long and hard about what you were
young
because you feel selfish for having
needs right yeah yeah and so like the
interesting thing is like that's not
because you're a good person in fact I
like it as like nothing - I mean sure
like you're a good person but generally
speaking people who feel like they're
selfish for having basic needs are
taught that it's selfish to have basic
needs
yeah we believe the things that we were
taught
Bret like our thoughts and our opinions
yeah god I was gonna say like I've been
thinking about this recently I don't
know I feel like it was never that
anybody like told me oh you can't have
this certain thing or you can't do this
certain thing I just remember being very
young and always just Casey like they
absolutely did but go ahead and say what
you're gonna say I was I just I guess I
just remembered being young and just
acknowledging that I was poor and my
family didn't have money for these
things so never asking yeah so I I that
I get but I think like you know if I had
to put my money down I think it's like
subtle things so like how old how old
were you when your mom started using
meth um for five I guess my dad was my
dad was in and out of prison most of my
life whenever I was younger and they
both my parents started using Ashley I
was probably more like three homes so
let me just ask you a question we're not
gonna talk about you we're gonna talk
about a three-year-old yeah okay so what
does a three-year-old do when they're
hungry cry true food sure sometimes they
cry but even before that I asked for
food absolutely right you go up to mommy
and you say mommy I'm hungry can I have
something to eat and when you have a
parent who has substance use how do they
respond to that request um I don't know
I guess I just remember my mom being
[Music]
ah I did I my grandparents were really
involved but I remember like during this
time whenever I was very young just like
my mom being incapacitated I guess you
know like you know having the highs and
then the lows where she would just like
be asleep for days mm-hmm and I remember
like I guess been very young and just
like saving my mom asleep and being like
well she's not gonna wake up
yeah did you ever feel like you were
bothering her yeah definitely right so
like what is bothering me
it means hating absolutely hey I'm a
[ __ ] three-year-old and I'm hungry
and oh [ __ ] I'm sorry to bother you mom
but can I have some food because that's
how she made you feel because that's
like that's what a three-year-old thinks
it's like oh I don't want like they just
understand like so you get taught like
at the age of three that your needs
inconvenience other people and then you
feel selfish for needing stuff and it's
like baked so deep down man it's like
why are like like literally I want you
to think about this Casey a
three-year-olds brain is building it's
like it has an architecture and deep
into the architecture of the way that
your neurons is the idea that I am not
allowed to have needs yeah and I guess
that's something that's kind of just
echoed throughout my whole life
I guess yeah and that's because you were
wired that way right like that's why
they echo through your life because like
literally this is not it's not
psychological it's like neurological and
so now like everything sort of makes
sense oh yeah I watch the seven-year-old
died of cancer and I'm grateful and I
feel selfish like what the [ __ ] because
that's the way you learned how to think
about things right like you learned like
so the three-year-old isn't allowed to
have needs the 21 year old isn't allowed
to have needs the 25 year old isn't
allowed to have needs because your mom
is using math and your brother has
autism
there's no room and like we got this
like 30 minutes in right you talk about
the impact to everyone else
where are you you don't deserve a place
in your own story
yeah there's no space for you even now
when we talk about what are you worried
about it has nothing to do with yourself
it's like what if I can't support my
family there's no room for you and and
like you know when it comes back to like
blame and being angry at your mom and
stuff like that like in order for you to
be angry at your mom you have to be a
part of the equation there's no room for
that there's only she did the best that
she could and let's give her a pass
we're just fine like I think it's good I
you know I don't in the sense like I
think you know people who suffer from
addiction they have a disease - unclear
what her upbringing was like she should
get some slack we should be
compassionate and you should be a part
of the equation I guess I'm just like I
don't even know how to yeah I don't know
it's just like I just don't even know
how to start yeah
because in that - is like not your fault
because I would just think about this
like like you're like a three-year-old
and I'm gonna let me know if I'm making
you feel like an [ __ ] or bad okay so
like I just want you to think about a
three-year-old who like was never taught
language and then they find themselves
at 25 and they're like I don't know how
to learn language and you're damn right
you weren't taught like this stuff gets
taught really really really early and it
gets taught completely subconsciously
parents don't try to teach it it's just
how kids learn like kids just learn
stuff that has never taught to them
right and my kid has been doing this
thing recently where she'll come up to
me and she'll go like this and like I
didn't teach her how to do that I didn't
be like okay hold up your hand like a
claw and trying to scare me like she
just picks that up they just pick it up
and and unfortunately Casey it's gonna
be a long road and it's gonna be
confusing it's almost more like rehab
like not like drug rehab but like like
it's like you have to rehabilitate like
some of your emotional centers and your
sense of self hey you can I know I don't
know like sometimes I just feel myself
like even like just doubting my own
emotions I guess yeah I don't know like
it's yeah of course because you've been
pushing them aside your entire life
right like how did you do that when you
were 21 you don't think you could do
that again yeah because like your
survival mechanism is to like discount
and invalidate your emotions and it's a
damn good win and I'm glad you did it
because I think that's why your family
is still in the position that it's in if
it weren't for you I can't imagine what
would have happened to your brother yeah
and so now the question here's the real
thing and I don't know I don't think you
know how to do this but can you be you
for yourself I don't know I guess it's
just hard to even know what that looks
like
absolutely cuz it's [ __ ] weird Yeah
right like can you protect yourself can
you look out for yourself like it's hard
I don't even know like in your case I
don't even know where to start like I
don't know I mean I I see I see what
needs to happen I'm not quite sure where
to begin but I think we've already begun
it's it's kind of the acknowledgement
and understanding that like you know you
don't have in
hierarchy of what you care about
you're myself yeah lower yeah beautiful
right so that's how it starts you finish
the sentence that I start and once
you're able to do that that means you
understand right and we're not saying
and I'm not advocating that you should
be number one and I don't think you're
the kind of person that can ever be
number one in new life but can't we yeah
I was I don't know like I was thinking
about it yesterday and I feel like
that's just what I am like that's what
I'm used to being I'm used to being a
provider a protector sure you know it's
like it's hard to it's hard to think of
myself being a different way I guess or
I guess like putting those guards down
and not being that for my family scares
me yeah so oddly enough I don't think
that that's what you have to do so I'm
not saying cuz I think you are a
provider I think you are a protector I
think you have a duty or the odd amount
of responsibility to your family and I
think abandoning that would destroy you
as a person that's what's kept you alive
and so if people are curious about
Dharma this is what Dharma looks like
how are you able to survive all of this
terrible stuff it's because of your duty
responsibilities to your family what I'm
asking for is can you can you stick
yourself in the top ten it's not even
top five top ten
so there's mom there's brother maybe a
romantic relationship to beagles can you
give yourself number six or number seven
yeah I guess so like I said it's just
like hard to know like what that looks
like like what are the small steps that
I can take to do that okay great
question I just don't even know how so
they're like I'll do things like I feel
like in a lot of ways like I'll spoil
myself a lot like I'll go shopping and
you know before your your dogs protest
yeah I guess so
you know like I'll take myself shopping
or get my hair done or whatever but I
guess just all material things
uh-huh um I guess I just don't know how
to aside from materialistically I guess
I'm sure yeah absolutely I think it's
trickier
I think conversations like this are
actually like a big step forward right
so giving your space the giving yourself
the time and space to think about
yourself because I don't even know if
you let yourself do that right I'm
having a dryer delivered so I'm sorry no
I was saying that conversations like
this are a great place to start I'm just
used to barking all the time do that the
only thing you used to hold on
you
okay
sorry no I'm sorry what were you saying
I was saying that I think conversations
like this are a good first step because
like you're giving yourself space and
time to think about yourself right like
you're doing something like you're doing
this like who are you doing this for
myself
is this materialistic no okay so that's
a step in the right direction right
because what we're saying is you need to
do things for yourself that are not
materialistic so great good job
you've done it high five yeah I think
the next thing that I would really
really encourage you to do is is get
really think about getting some kind of
treatment or therapy and how do you feel
about that I don't like I I have I have
seen a psychiatrist but I guess I
haven't really like explored that aside
from getting prescribes like I was
prescribed adderall for my ADHD and then
I also prescribed xanax which I don't
really like to take um I don't know like
I don't really I don't really feel like
I need to be medicated which I guess
isn't the point of therapy right yep the
exact opposite I don't know I I feel
like I could definitely benefit from it
I just I guess it's just fear of maybe
not like what if I don't
yeah yeah so that that's that's what we
got to kind of tackle head-on right
because the issue here is that like what
if you don't but like this is the thing
you only let yourself do it if it's
gonna work because you know you're not
worth trying things for
see that like you can only do it if it's
gonna help like if there was something
that could help your brother you do it
but if there's something that could help
you that's not good enough it's not
worth your time your energy your
resources if it could help which is fine
like if something could help your mom
get all four it could help your dogs
your all four it could help your brother
your all four it could help you not good
enough yeah and so that's what I would
encourage you to really tackle and think
through and just give yourself a space
to work on yourself and then you'll
you'll figure enough like I'm not
worrying about you Casey bizarrely
really yeah
I think I feel kind of relieved now I
guess
like just in talking about it all and
I feel like kind of I guess getting like
a positive response not that I was
expecting like anything bad I just I
don't know yeah I'm glad you feel that
can I tell you why I'm not worried about
you I mean I shouldn't but I'm not what
I feel is not worried
I feel optimism and here's the reason so
what games do you play by the way do you
play games um I've been mostly playing
team fight tactics okay so I'm not too
familiar League of Legends but so like
here's the thing like let's say you're
playing team fight um yeah I can't I
don't have a good analogy there so I'm
just gonna make that point um so like
here's the thing like you were dealt a
pretty shitty hand in life and yet ended
up okay yeah right
and so like I'm Way more optimistic like
what worries me and one is when people
are given a great hand in life and they
end up in a bad place because I think
like in your case you just need to you
just need like a little bit of support
and a little bit of tools and like
you're gonna you're gonna fly because if
you can get through what you've gotten
through and be the person that you are
today boy it's like it's like you're you
know you're playing a competitive game
with a potato PC on satellite internet
and you're still crushing news and it's
like if we give you an actual computer
and take the lag off it's gonna be
terrifying what you're capable of
because that's what I see and and if you
can just help yourself out a little bit
like it's gonna be ridiculous because
you're you've been playing life with a
[ __ ] handicap this whole time and so
what makes me optimistic is like if we
take off the handicap like people are
going to start whining and they're gonna
be asking the devs for a patch because
you're crushing them so hard yeah sorry
I just like I always just go back like I
don't know whenever you said that like I
just always go back to like my life
wasn't that bad yes you know like we've
been talking about this whole time it's
just like such a I don't know it's like
a defense mechanism type thing yet
defense mechanism type thing I think
that relates to the idea that like you
having needs or selfish like you just
discount yourself your life wasn't that
bad okay fine I mean so I I'm I think
it's this is the other thing is how do
you move forward you notice that right
like it's really really a huge support I
cannot overemphasize how important the
statement that you just made us and you
just have to trust me on that
just act acknowledge it to see it yeah
right because this is you're saying how
do I change my mind
you start by understanding what the [ __ ]
is going on in there that's you opening
the hood of your car and that's what
makes me optimistic because you can
notice oh there it is again like there's
that pattern that pops up right and like
if you want to know how to get rid of
that pattern or change the pattern the
first thing that you have to do is see
its action yeah you have to notice that
then you can start to change it but
noticing is where things start I'm able
to notice it I guess but yeah like the
changing it part was just like a whole
other thing because I'm just like how do
I even I guess like you were saying
earlier it's what did you say it's more
like a cycle of its neural logical than
psychological like it's like a like just
like some circuit in my brain that's
formed yeah like so like how do I it's
like I have to retrain my brain Casey
Casey okay great now I'm excited okay
and apologies if that's inappropriate
because let me tell you let me tell you
so this is cool so this is why I like
neuroscience so I'm gonna say something
that is gonna hopefully blow your mind
I find it mind-blowing the way that you
change your note neurons is actually
noticing there is overwhelming
scientific evidence that changing your
brain does not require intention it
requires attention literally to
attention is what causes neuronal
plasticity
city and frontal lobe development that
is the mechanism through which
meditation works so we have overwhelming
evidence that meditation changes your
brain like we know that I've actually
started meditation recently I've started
doing meditation recently like actually
just like this past like a couple of
weeks I would say cool that's good for
you I'm gonna get to that in a second
but I'm an academic and when I get to
talk about something that I know I like
to keep going forward can I keep plowing
so I want to just say that like
literally so Casey you're wondering how
do I change what I'm telling you
actually don't need to like literally
what what studies of meditation show
because in meditation no one is trying
to change anything they're just
observing themselves and what we see is
that observing yourself actually rewires
your brain they don't have to try to
change anything
and that's why meditation works so well
because it doesn't sort of matter what
your problem is it doesn't matter who
you are and just noticing it is
sufficient for change and if you kind of
think about it like you can see that
principle in other places because like
you know sometimes you'll be like oh why
do I do this and then you'll have like
this light bulb go off and you're like
oh that's why I do it and then you stop
doing it I never realised
dot-dot-dot that drinking water makes me
feel good and then like one day people
wake up and they're like oh I realized
that drinking water is good for me and
then I started drinking water and then
you ask people like how did you start
drinking one they're like I don't know I
just sort of realized it one day it's
weird
does that make sense like you ever just
like realize something and then sort of
like started doing it yeah but I guess I
just like it just made me think like how
I've kind of like came to this realize
realization that I you know set my
feelings aside a lot or I don't allow
myself to acknowledge my own feelings
and I feel like I have came to the
realization
and maybe it's not changing that much or
maybe it is and it's just changing very
slowly okay Casey so let me ask you a
question
do you think coming when did you come to
that realization um I would I
I think it's been fairly recent like I
would say six months okay so do you
think that has anything to do with you
coming on stream today
um yeah so that's how change happens so
you have one realization and that allows
you to take the next step which then
allows you to take the next step and
you're looking at the top of Mount
Everest and you're saying each step that
I take does it seem to be moving me
towards my destination because I have
30,000 feet to climb and I have now
moved up two inches doesn't seem to be
making a difference but that's literally
how change happens yeah one step at time
it's the only way to do it and so just
keep going on the path that you're on
and you will be amazed at where you end
up only way it can happen can't rush it
there's no magic bullet
there's certainly in a pill you're
saying how do I take care of yourself
like you realize something six months
ago
why did you realize that six months ago
because you spent the time thinking
about yourself which ten years ago or
eight years ago or seven years ago you
did not even give yourself the space in
your mind to think about yourself that's
a huge step then you have a realization
then you come on stream then we have a
conversation then you decide oh maybe I
shouldn't do therapy but like six years
ago you're like ah I'm not worth it
tiny tiny steps a house is built one
brick at a time and no brick makes the
house it's weird yeah like if I lay two
bricks am i building a house yeah really
cuz I just see two bricks where's the
house show me I don't know I guess
you're so I was just thinking you're
starting to build a house where I'm just
like so anxious like my mind's racing
it's okay sorry about that you see but
your your answer is actually the right
answer because it's the wrong answer I'm
sorry I'm freaking you out
but like because it's exactly right is
it the house sure you're starting but
it's not the house yet it sort of is and
it's sort of isn't and that's what your
growth is gonna be like yeah yeah sorry
I asked people questions and sometimes
it makes them feel self-conscious it's
that way no I just
like I said I just like I'm I'm happy
like I feel like I'm having like a lot
of realizations and stuff that you have
said you know that made sense to me and
it's just like it's it's you know like
you've just said like a few things that
have really I don't know I guess kind of
dropped a bomb on me I guess and it's
just like trying to process it all at
once right like I've been trying to
write down notes and stuff but yeah I
understand that they're good yeah yeah
so I I am yeah I can I can see that it's
overwhelming and I'm not sure if I
should say I'm sorry or you're welcome
no it's been really helpful can you just
help me understand what has been like
what you realized um I guess you know
like I said I kind of been coming to
this realization that I um you know set
aside my own feelings and needs a lot in
you know like I have a lot of self-doubt
and just hearing it from somebody else
is like okay you know it kind of makes
it more real like oh maybe I wasn't just
thinking this maybe it's true like you
know um yeah certainly sounds true to me
yeah so so actually that's it right so
there you did it you did it yeah you
validated you validated your feelings
just then I just realized that that's
pretty cool you see that I don't know if
that makes sense it's kind of abstract
but yeah like just in that
acknowledgement that sometimes you don't
acknowledge yourself you're
acknowledging yourself yeah it's weird
it's kind of like inception but anyway
oh yes I see what you're saying yeah see
you did it and you're like how do I
change in the short answer is I don't
know but just keep doing what you're
doing
I think you'll you'll be good yeah do
you have questions for me Casey
um
I guess one of the other things that I
wanted I don't know like I talked about
my marijuana use and sometimes like my
chat can just get cuz I do smoke too
much like and I guess I acknowledge that
I need to cut back but I'm like do I
have an addiction problem you know like
I do like both of my parents have
addiction issues I'm like as I don't
know I don't know but then it's really
easy for me to just be like oh marijuana
isn't a big deal he's you know like I'm
I grew up around marijuana in my whole
life like my mom smoked marijuana in
front of me my whole life and did way
worse [ __ ] and I guess like I feel like
to some degree like oh if the worst
thing that I do is smoke weed you know
like it's pretty good for me considering
um but I don't know like I guess I don't
want to cuz you know you don't know like
the full thing I guess but do you think
that I have an issue with addiction to
marijuana I know that sounds so stupid
but like sometimes like I don't know if
they're joking or C's deep do you think
you have an issue with marijuana I don't
know like I think I smoke too much but I
just don't even think that it's that bad
okay so I think I can get behind that
so do I think you have an issue with
marijuana yes because you think you have
an issue with marijuana yeah you think
you have an issue with marijuana it's
just not a very big issue that's what
I'm hearing from you is that a fair
representation I can get behind that
yeah so here's what I'll say about
marijuana and substances in general okay
yeah so I think that like you said you
kind of you it sounds like you have
medical marijuana and that a lot of
people self medicate and I do I think
that that's a problem
absolutely but I think that nodding back
is not a solution it's a consequence
and if you want to cut back on your
marijuana use you have to deal with the
reasons why you reach for it in the
first place so if there's one thing that
I've understand understood as an
addiction psychiatrist it's that telling
someone to stop drinking alcohol is not
enough you have to get to why they drink
alcohol in the first place and in your
case I think that you should reduce your
marijuana consumption absolutely even
try without smoking for like six months
and just see what that does to your
brain because I think you're gonna be
surprised yeah and but that starts with
like recognizing that the reason that
you smoke is because all the [ __ ] that
we're talking about to begin with the
anxiety which has really which started
as the seed of trauma which grew into
the plant of anxiety in which you don't
really see the the seed there anymore
and so you got to deal with all that
crap because like as long as that stuff
is going on you said I don't know how I
survived the way that you survived us
through coping mechanisms yeah and that
includes things like marijuana yeah I
guess I never I never even started
smoking marijuana until 2014 I was one
of those people I was always really
really afraid I never drank I never did
drugs because you know I saw what it did
to my parents nose genuinely afraid of
it and my sister was always kind of more
of the black sheep I guess of the family
and she um you know one night we were
hanging out and she was just you know
she got really excited because I was
like I want to try it and I tried it and
I just remember during that time I was
you know it was really terrible time and
I just remember like whenever I smoked
it being like the first time where I was
like happy and giggly and you know like
in a while and I guess maybe that's why
I've like really taken to it so much
because like you said it was a coping
mechanism during that time yeah so I
thought
yes right oh go ahead so so Casey that
makes a lot of sense to me and that's
what I tend to hear right and so the
solution there is not to just stop the
marijuana and let the awfulness of life
come rushing back the solution there is
to learn how to be happy and giggly
without it because then you won't need
it anymore
yeah and I think that there is a real
problem where people start to become
that becomes their source of happy
giggly and then it's like that doesn't
sound healthy to me at all like I think
what I really advocate for is for people
to like you know process your emotions
deal with your anger blame your parents
what have you and then get past that
stuff and then like be able to enjoy
life for what life has to offer because
life is really amazing it's really awful
and it's really amazing and that those
two don't have to be mutually exclusive
and I would love it I think the real
solution that I want for you is to live
a life where you don't need marijuana to
be happy and giggly yeah I guess the
idea of getting like I don't know the
idea is like not doing marijuana
completely I just I'm gonna be honest
they don't like like a you don't like it
I enjoy smoking you know like is it bad
to think like oh I never want to not
like I never bro I don't know course not
it's completely good it's an ordinary
box it's an understandable fire how like
how do you know like I guess it's just
in my everything in moderation type
thing and I guess I know that I'm not
moderating it very well right now how do
I that sounds like a proper reading it
well okay how do you know that you're
not moderating it well
cuz I smoke too much but how do you know
that you're asking me how do I know when
it's an okay man I'm actually I actually
don't I'm actually prescribed Casey no
there's no no no none of that [ __ ]
matters let me your answers in your
question you said how do I know when
it's okay and then my question to you is
my answer is the same way that you know
it's not okay cuz you know it's not okay
we've heard you say it's not okay like a
thousand times so whatever that sense of
you tells you hey this is okay that's
when you'll know it's okay yeah you know
and how much you've been prescribed has
nothing to do with whether it's an okay
amount or not if you want to talk about
a [ __ ] cop out I don't think you
copped out until this moment this is a
cop out
yeah and I don't think you have to give
it up today I'm not asking you to give
it up today I'm saying that I think in
my experience I think it's worth and
even that I didn't say give it up
forever I'd say take a break from it for
a couple months and what I said is see
how you feel now if you have trouble
doing that then that also is concerning
right like if I want to say like hey I
want to take a break for a meet for a
couple of months like I think it's
important to be able to try things in
your life to see if they're gonna help
you feel better and if your life is
better not asking you to make a
commitment but hey I mean you're asking
me do I think you have a problem and the
answer is damn right I think you have a
problem and what do I base that on it's
because you think you have a problem and
you know what way more about you than I
do like I I mean I just met you like an
hour ago
what the [ __ ] do I know I guess I guess
I can acknowledge I have like I said
like I acknowledge that I've been
smoking way too much and I can
acknowledge that I have a problem I just
I guess I'm just like I don't really
care to do anything about it and I I
don't know like I I guess I'm just like
ah
so that's how that's fine Casey I don't
think you should do anything about it
right now yeah like like so so here's
what I want you to just notice for a
second okay that you have a compass and
this compass is telling you hey this is
a problem but I can't deal with this
[ __ ] right now that's what I'm hearing
your compass tell you is that accurate
yeah okay I can get behind that a
hundred percent so I can say sure this
is a problem and you have bigger fish to
fry because by the way you have bigger
fish to fry you've lived a life in an
abusive household with an [ __ ]
stepfather and a mother who suffered for
substance use and you've learned how to
invalidate yourself that's what we've
been talking about and that's what I
think you should focus on
I think the marijuana is gonna be a
piece of that down the road
but I think it is completely idiotic to
ask you to like cut back or I mean I
guess you could we can ask you to try to
cut back and see how that goes but I
don't think it's reasonable for you to
stop because like I said earlier the
real solution to substance use is to not
need the ship to begin with and that's
where the real healing happens I don't
think that forcing yourself to stop
smoking pot and then having a life
that's miserable every day is like
that's not the goal that doesn't sound
good to me the way that I get people off
of substances is by helping them build a
life where they don't need them and then
if you want to use it go for it but you
shouldn't be dependent on it that I just
personally as a value system I don't
like being dependent on something I
don't like being in control of my life
and I don't like I want to help people
be in [ __ ] control of your life make
a choice don't make it a dependency
don't make it a necessity make it a
choice and that's what I would advocate
for you and then once you are in a place
where you can make a choice then you
make the choice and it's your choice to
make and I'm a judge you for it other
people may judge you for it but like let
it be your free choice without a
psychological dependence without a
neurological dependent
be free to choose what you want to do
with your life whether that be marijuana
marriage having kids living alone
traveling whatever live the life that
you want to live and give yourself the
benefit of choice yeah oh this this
really has been really helpful like I
said like I feel like this is you know
kind of like a starting off point for me
and I don't know like I'm scared to get
into therapy but I guess I'm ready for
it
you should be scared but I don't know
like I guess I'm kind of like what does
therapy even like look like for someone
like me like in the position that I'm in
like if I did like go that route like
what does that route like entail um like
how often am I gonna have to go like how
are you how often you get a chance to go
you're not happy you don't have to go at
all right so that even gives us a clue
as to what's in your head you're
thinking about a commitment you're not
laying a break you're building a house
what I'm asking you to do kc is lay one
brick go to one session lay a capo give
it like I'd give it like a month or two
and then what do you do I'm not even
sure I have no [ __ ] idea yeah
honestly I don't because when I do
therapy with someone like I don't have a
preconceived notion of like the whole
point is that it takes time to figure
out what someone needs it's gonna take
time for you to figure out what you need
but my sense is that it's gonna be a
place so here's what I think would be
helpful about it here's the only
treatment benefit that I can really see
right now it's gonna be the one place in
your life where you are at the top of
the list for one hour guaranteed no one
else is at the top of the list except
for you for one hour of your life every
week which is not that much and I think
you can open you can buy yourself one
hour week because the therapist is gonna
do their job which is putting you at the
top of the list and you're asking
yourself you're asking me how do I put
myself on the list well you go to
therapy so they you see how someone else
does it for you and then you learn how
to do it yourself
it's just like learning anything else
like how do my kids learn how to butter
bread it's like I'm like okay this is
how you butter bread so for one hour a
week you're gonna go to a place where
you're gonna come first and then you're
gonna see how they do it and cuz you're
[ __ ] smart you're gonna learn how to
do it just by watching because that's
how we learn yeah
what are you what are you thinking um I
don't know like I guess I I feel really
positive right now
I just I over all feel really positive
like I feel like this has been really
helpful to me I feel like in some ways
you kind of like
I guess like gave me confirmation of
something that I already knew but I just
needed to hear from somebody else um but
yeah I don't know I'm excited I guess
cool I'm happy to hear that do you have
any of the darker feelings concern fear
[Music]
um yeah I guess I have concern and fear
but like I've I feel like it'll be okay
so I'm not super worried about those
great that sounds very very healthy to
me yeah I would be concerned if you're
all sunshine and rainbows yeah because I
think that you should be afraid you
should be concerned you should be
worried that this may not work out that
you may not be able to do it that it may
not be helpful that you may be
unsolvable and that your problems are so
bad that nothing will ever help most of
good feelings to have yeah and just let
them have their space and you don't have
to be controlled by them
you
yeah
okay so any last thoughts questions um
not really that I can think of now like
I feel like I have a lot to think about
you know um I'm ready to just kind of
take it all in you know yeah so the last
thing that I'll say is that sometimes I
teach people how to meditate on stream I
think this is another yeah I I guess
that's like I said I started meditating
or trying to meditate recently and I
have to say like at first it just feels
really dumb like I feel really dumb
doing it or trying to do it you know
uh-huh and and when you say at first so
are you over that hump are you still in
that I filled I'm doing it huh
um I may be in between like sometimes I
feel less dumb than other times is it
normal to feel that way
solely by the way that never really goes
away I still sometimes feel dumb when I
meditate it's just part of it that's
actually part of the process is feeling
dumb and it that's actually why I think
meditation is so good because you know
when you get used to feeling dumb your
life gets a lot easier when you let
yourself feel incompetent and you're
okay with feeling into competent and you
don't let the incompetence restrict what
you do and you can go and you can sit
with yourself being dumb and you can let
yourself being dumb world becomes a
completely different place yeah yeah do
you can you tell me a little bit about
how you meditate or do you want to learn
a different technique today um are you
white I guess I've been like there's a
few different things that I've tried to
do right because there's no right way to
do it I guess like I've been listening
to a few different podcasts and stuff
about it and one of the ideas that I
liked was just trying to put yourself
like in a mindset or space where there
is limitless doubt or you know there is
no doubt and I really liked that thought
just like trying to you know think about
how my life would be like if I didn't
doubt myself hmm um this one's really
dumb but one of the other things that
I'll do is I'll just try to think of a
word like
[Music]
um
I don't know like I'll just think of a
word like um emotion and all just like
repeatedly say it in my head and tell it
feels like it doesn't have a meaning
anymore does that sound stupid no that's
actually called Java but is a Sun
there's a Sanskrit word for them there's
a sense of it practice a meditative
practice that you have discovered all by
your lonesome okay so it's the very
opposite of stupid it's actually
brilliant weird huh yeah how do you feel
when I say that I don't know I was just
laughing it's kind of in a I don't know
if it's inappropriate to say but I had
that I I mic reduced a little bit of
mushrooms like a couple of weeks ago and
that's whenever I had that kind of
moment sure that uh that's also
completely makes sense because
meditative practices are developed yeah
by people who were in a different state
of consciousness and mushrooms MDMA
psilocybin or ways that people can sort
of like you know take the fast lane to
some of those spaces the problem is you
don't really know what you're getting
when you do that yeah yeah so do you
want to learn something today or you
feel cuz I I think especially after like
sessions like this I I don't think or
streams like this that I don't think
that you necessarily need to meditate
sometimes it's just good to sit alone
with your thoughts but if you want to
learn something I can teach you
something both into learning to
something okay so then sit up straight
okay okay so good so you're looking at
me is this yeah okay good so when you
look at so we're gonna have a little
conversation I'm gonna ask you a couple
of questions then I'm gonna ask you to
close your eyes and do some other stuff
okay so like let's start with this so
Kasey something's wrong with you right
yeah yeah right so like let's just think
about like what are some of the things
that are wrong with you we're not trying
to like talk about I'm just saying let's
just acknowledge or notice like what are
some of the things that are wrong with
you um trauma sure good um I guess maybe
sense of self value great
anxiety sure
um I don't know okay great that's good
for yourself right yeah yeah yeah no no
that's perfect okay so now once you sit
up straight back straight is your back
straight yeah okay good
sit up straight close your eyes I want
you to actually take your take your
hands look look at me do this do one
palm inside right palm inside the left
palm like laying on top yep perfect put
your thumbs together great and then put
this in your lap yeah face up looks like
you turned them down so they're placed
it no other way okay there you go
okay all right so this is pirate of a
mudra which is a hand thing don't worry
about it close your eyes
and now I want you to find so just let's
start with a breath
okay
I want you to notice the cool air going
in knows not mouth okay it's okay to
smile okay to lap okay to feel silly no
big deal
shilling giggly yet yeah okay cool
so just focus on your breath feel it
coming into your chest and out y'all can
do this at home too
so think about some things that are
wrong with you
okay good
head straight your spine should be
straight yeah no straight floor sit and
feel the discomfort no hunching okay
return to your breath
if your breath is hard to hold on to
focus on the sensations in your hands
feel the weight of one hand on the other
feel the sensation of this skin-on-skin
your thumb tips together and feel your
thumbs touching each other
you
and now in this place Casey find your
trauma where is it
you
and now we're gonna move on so we're not
gonna get lost in it now look for your
invalidation of self can you find that
that Tommy
you
um I don't know like I just like I guess
I just see it and like a lot of
different aspects of my life like ah
okay invalidate you know like my
mourning process I guess like I
invalidate okay okay okay okay so pause
for a second head up straight spine
straight good now
eyes closed good okay so those are
thoughts
those are recollections of the
invalidation in this moment tell me
where the invalidation exists within you
I guess I don't know my mind does it
exist because your mind thinks about the
past I'm asking you in the now where is
the invalidation
brat through the nose head up straight
good deep breath in and out and look for
it in this moment try to find it try to
pick it up you can focus on your hands
focus on your breath find the
invalidation
feel the person that you are right now
feel your weight in the chair feel the
tears on your cheeks
tension in your body breathe in expand
and relax
okay
now let your shoulders go ahead and take
a deep breath but don't move your
shoulders
and then they fly a profess okay good so
now I'm gonna ask you where is the
invalidation
um
I don't know I guess
I don't know I guess I don't understand
like can you rephrase no I'm not gonna
rephrase so I think the problem is that
I'm asking a question to which I think
you have the answer but I don't think
you think you have the answer so I think
the reason that you can't find it is
because it's not really there because
you can find the invalidation when you
think about the past and when you think
about the ways that you treat yourself
but when you stop in you're still in
you're in this moment it actually
doesn't exist it's a trick question
okay and the fact that you can't come up
with an answer I am so glad you didn't
come up with some [ __ ] answer
because it's it's hard when you're on
stream to like not come up with the
right answer but if you stop and look in
yourself like could you find it now so
just think about that for a second that
whenever you invalidate yourself you
have within you the capacity to enter a
state of being where that invalidation
no longer exists
you do it every morning in your routine
fine but if you can do what you just did
if you can put yourself in that same
state in your morning routine it won't
be able to exist there either
invalidation comes from the mind yeah
and it's the looking that you do that's
not actually mental activity that's
consciousness it's attention its
attention without thought
and if you can go there I don't know if
this is making sense or not but I think
right because if you ask me can i
rephrase that actually means you're
doing it right because you're looking
for an answer and you're not able to
find one and that's actually the answer
there's no such thing as invalidation so
now my last question for you is I don't
know if you remember this but when you
think about the person that you were
let's say 90 seconds ago what was wrong
with you
like whenever I was thinking about when
you were breathing and feeling the tears
go down your face yeah what was wrong
with you
um I guess I was just thinking a lot
about whenever Ricky passed away okay
tens I'm gonna jump in I'm gonna
interrupt you okay so that too once
again is thinking that's not actually
you those are thoughts
stay with me okay this is gonna be her
Nana so I want you to close your eyes
and focus fully on the sensation there's
a tear going down your right cheek in
this moment if we're lucky the fly's
gonna come back and he's gonna land on
your face yeah if he does I don't want
you to move him there he is right on
time he's coming coming for you okay
we'll see if he helps out he's really
here to help and I want you to just
focus on the sensation of wetness on
your face
what's wrong with you right now and I'm
not talking about thoughts I'm not
talking I'm talking about in this moment
if this is all you knew of your entire
life what would you know about this
person if you were this thing all for
every day for the rest of your life what
would be wrong with you I'm not talking
about the past I'm not talking about the
future I'm not talking about your
worries I'm not talking about you
failing to support your family I'm
talking about this thing that you are
right now what is this who are you and
what's wrong with it
not focusing on feelings at all okay
what are you focusing on I don't know
like I guess
can I focus on feelings because I just
like feel like I don't know like I guess
I just feel kind of heartbroken okay
anyway good okay so Casey this is what
you've got to do good job there no see
you screwed it up again let's see if he
comes back it's coming for you okay all
right
so yeah that's actually a really
interesting meditation technique so you
know a lot of people don't know this but
you know like sometimes Indian people
have a doc on their forehead you know
I've seen that before you know why did I
do that is it for the fly
actually honestly sort of yeah you're
you're damn right it's what I'm gonna
say so interestingly enough it's to
bring your attention of your mind to a
physical sensation on your forehead it's
to focus the attention of your mind it's
basically putting an artificial fly on
one spot in your forehead yeah I [ __ ]
you not meditation is so hard it's very
hard it's so hard so the only thing
that's hard about it is if you beat
yourself up for not doing it right
because what you did was great so what
I'm hearing from you is that when you
meditate and this happens with people
with trauma stuff is humming up and then
what happens the reason you call
meditation apart is because you think
you should do something instead of let
that stuff come up but just let it come
up feel heartbroken for a little while
and then let yourself not feel that way
return to your breath return to tears
you know grab a fly go stand in the Sun
I don't know where you live I don't know
how hot it is feel the Sun on your face
put your feet in water
drink something cold take something cold
and put it around the back of your neck
take something warm and put it around
the back of your neck when you meditate
Casey it's gonna take you a long time to
meditate right but that's not wrong you
have to you're just need to let this
[ __ ] out and then eventually you'll come
to a place and I think you got there a
little bit today but I what I'm getting
from you is that like anytime you stop
the defense mechanisms of your mind the
heartbreak arises and what I want you
what I want you to envision is like what
happens when a bubble reaches the
surface
I don't know pops absolutely so right
now you have all of these bubbles within
you and you just need to let them come
to the surface and they'll pop and
disappear and then you'll be left with
still water because right now your water
is not still its roiling with lots and
lots of bubbles and movement and
agitation it's gonna come up a little
bit at a time a little bit of time at a
little bit at a time and as much as you
can let your son let it come up but also
for the love of God do not beat the [ __ ]
out of yourself for not being able to
meditate properly because you're you
can't meditate properly and that's the
way it's supposed to be for you right
now okay
you'll meditate properly like you can't
force what happens if I have a bubble
underwater that's slowly coming up and I
stick my hand in and try to get rid of
it what happens to it it goes back down
yeah right like if I'm gonna create more
bubbles if I stick my hand in like how
do I get water to be still if I have
waves in my bathtub and I go and I
select try to force the waves down with
my hands what's gonna happen it's just
gonna cause more waves absolutely so
when you say you can't meditate right
the solution is not to try harder it's
to try less okay just let yourself sit
let that [ __ ] come up and it's not
endless this is the loan and this is the
debt you have an emotional debt that
you've been racking up for years which
was absolutely necessary and it's got to
come up a little bit at a time sorry I
know you were feeling good and then we
started meditating now we're back to
square one yeah it's just God like
it's at the right answer that's the
right answer
that's awareness that's why I'm
optimistic because sure it hurts but not
forever when you say God there's a lot
that's right because so much during
today I don't know how to say this Casey
but for so much of today you have said
the exact opposite yeah you have not
acknowledged how much there is
you have invalidated and you say how do
I learn how to validate I don't know how
the [ __ ] you did that but you just did
it god there's a lot that's absolutely
right I guess I'm just like oh I'm like
afraid I'm like is it too much
absolutely it's just like when I'm ready
to talk about it it's just like
waterworks like I just can't help it is
it too much for a single conversation
absolutely but you've been taking loans
for how old are you now 28
you've been taking loans for at least 25
years and you haven't been making
payments and when that's the way that
you live your life it can feel like the
debt is insurmountable but the second
you start making payments it turns
completely around and I think if you
give yourself honestly it's gonna take a
couple of years for you to be like
completely like kind of in a good place
like I'd say like give yourself two
years yeah but I think by the time you
turn 30 you could be you could feel like
a completely different person I tell you
Casey I've worked with people who have
had trauma on the order of magnitude
that you have and whether you call that
a lot or whether you call that a little
live what I mean is that I work with
people who have grown up in substance
use abusive households and it is amazing
if you just take care of yourself a
little bit because so far you haven't
taken care of yourself at all
and if you if you give yourself the
chance you'll be amazed at what you're
capable of yeah sorry to leave you in
shambles I feel like it's just gonna be
kind of a reality for me for a while
right you're damn right of this but
that's the important statement
beautifully said it's going to be the
reality for me for a while yeah cuz it
is but I can I can tell you from the
bottom of my heart not forever not
forever enough for today I think yeah
sorry I knew I was gonna get really
emotional so I consider the problem I
think it's just enough time I don't
blame you for saying it I'm just saying
like we got a parcel it out right we're
not gonna wipe out your debt in one day
right go do something fun what are you
gonna do today
I'm probably gonna go outside do some
yard work with my dogs
perfect just try to relax a little that
is absolute mastery big but I don't
think you know I think that that's a
good idea
do you want to know what I do after a
stream like this I go pull weeds really
I Drive around for like 32 yard work so
yeah I seriously what I do is I Drive
around for 30 minutes and then I in the
evening around like 6 or 7 p.m. I go
outside with my kids and like I said I
literally like they run around and I
pull weeds it is the best thing you
could possibly do be with your dogs yard
work sounds I'm telling you this
starting a garden is good cuz I've been
working on starting a garden
oh man I love Gardens yeah you know the
Zen people love Gardens so much they
make Gardens without even any plants
yeah it's [ __ ] weird they make
Gardens out of sand and [ __ ] like that
but it's it's great gardening zopi
needs to be nerfed yeah ok I really
appreciate coming on and thank you for
so much for your time
you're very welcome
you ready for the next triggering
statement because I know you haven't had
enough you're worth it Casey thank you
you're worthless I really appreciate it
it really has been really helpful and
I'm I guess looking forward to some of
your resources to baby start you're
getting insistent therapy
sure so let me um you know why don't you
take today but shoot me a DM on Twitter
I mean on discord or something and we
can have I can walk you through stuff
specifically and then in general I we
need to do that for everyone else too
we'll do that maybe we'll do a DLC about
thank you miss but in the meantime you
know if you tell me what state you're in
and and we can talk about insurance and
I can explain to you how all that [ __ ]
works and we can try to get you
connected okay okay all right
take it yeah you'd see your thanks for
that it on strong work thank you okay
um yeah intense good stuff though
good stuff man she's good I hope she
does okay see that's like that's like
when you spawn in a bad zone but you've
got super high stats that's Casey she's
got like she's a beast in terms of her
SATs she just spawned in the wrong place
hostile spawn good stats that's what
that looks like and and so like you know
give her something besides a club and
like rags give her some you know give
her a great sword give her some flight
mail kicks kick ass just got a bunch of
these d buffs
she's a think about this for a second
she's been she's been living for 25
years with no healing
she just started with an HP pool has
been living through a game with like no
healing and no support and she's made it
this far like her HP pool is ginormous
it's like hurt her just raw stats are so
high that she's just been able to like
it's like one of these games were like
you know she it reminds me that this
like ff7 remake thing where you like
don't love a lot right she's like one of
these people that's like never leveled
up she's like I'm gonna play the life on
hard hard mode with no gear cuz I
playing Dark Souls without resting in a
bonfire it's like we're just gonna do
this the harder me without taking care
of ourselves at all and we're just gonna
power the [ __ ] through it and it's like
yeah that's pretty amazing that you were
able to do that and also imagine what
you did if you had this pile of XP and
you actually leveled up from what one
two level 68 and refilled your health
bar and then you're gonna really kick
ass it's really cool
I mean her situation but I respect her
mad respect to KC coming on talking
about it yeah so on Friday we have
Michael Reaves and we and so thank you
guys for coming it's been fun and yeah
Michael Reaves POG and then we're gonna
be rating is I have been informed we're
gonna raid pooper noodle which I'm not
entirely sure what that means because
it's not poop noodle pooper is like a
person
so we'll raid pooper doodle